Add CSI driver volumesnapshotclass docs (#60)
portworx/pxdocs-backup: content/use-px-backup/cluster/generic-csi.md

    ![Enter the cluster details](/img/enter-other-kubernetes-distributions-cluster-details.png)

> 3. Select the **Submit** button
> 
> ## CSI driver specific parameters
> PX-Backup utilizes a `VolumeSnapshotClass` for performing generic CSI backups and restores. PX-Backup looks for a VolumeSnapshotClass with the naming scheme `"stork-csi-snapshot-class-${DRIVER_NAME}"` where `DRIVER_NAME` is the name of the CSI driver. You can find the CSI driver(s) for your cluster by running the following command:
> ```
> kubectl get csidrivers
> ```
> 
> See your CSI driver documentation to determine which parameters are needed in the VolumeSnapshotClass. If the CSI driver you're using requires `VolumeSnapshotClass` parameters in order to function correctly, you will need to create or update this object. We will create this VolumeSnapshotClass with default values if it does not exist.
> For fresh installs, create a VolumeSnapshotClass with the name `"stork-csi-snapshot-class-${DRIVER_NAME}"` based on your CSI driver documentation. Make sure all necessary parameters are added to this VolumeSnapshotClass.
> 
> If a CSI backup has already been attempted and failed, complete the following steps to edit the default VolumeSnapshotClass for your CSI driver:
> 1. Find the CSI driver(s) for your volumes
> ```
> kubectl get csidrivers
> ```
> 2. Edit the VolumeSnapshotClass object for your CSI driver
> ```
> CSI_DRIVER_NAME=<csi_driver_name>
> kubectl edit volumesnapshotclass stork-csi-snapshot-class-${CSI_DRIVER_NAME}
> ```
> 3. Add the necessary parameters to this object based on the documentation for your CSI driver(s)
> 4. PX-Backup will now use these VolumeSnapshotClass parameters when performing backups and restores.
> 
> {{<info>}}
> **NOTE:** PX-Backup always overrides the `VolumeSnapshotClass` with a deletion policy as retain to prevent data loss.
> {{</info>}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. PX-Backup will add the Kubernetes cluster and create a default VolumeSnapshotClass on it. In some cases, this default VolumeSnapshotClass will work with no further configuration. If it doesn't, you must configure it by adding your generic CSI driver's parameters. 
   
   Attempt a backup on your newly added cluster from the PX-Backup UI. If it fails, proceed to the **Add CSI driver specific parameters** section.

## Add CSI driver specific parameters

If you've added the cluster to PX-Backup and successfully performed a backup, skip this section. If you attempted a backup unsuccessfully, you must add some parameters to the `VolumeSnapshotClass` to allow PX-Backup to perform backups and restores with your generic CSI driver. 

<!-- Do we need to describe this? I'm afraid that it's a bit confusing as a mechanical detail:

PX-Backup looks for a VolumeSnapshotClass with the naming scheme `"stork-csi-snapshot-class-${DRIVER_NAME}"` where `DRIVER_NAME` is the name of your CSI driver. If one does not already exist, PX-Backup will create this `VolumeSnapshotClass` and populate it with default values.  

-->

See your CSI driver documentation to determine which parameters you need in your VolumeSnapshotClass. If the CSI driver you're using requires `VolumeSnapshotClass` parameters in order to function correctly, you will need to create or update this object. 
<!-- 

This part feels like a different task, I think we're trying to do two things at once:

* tell people how to create a VolumeSnapshotClass ahead of time
* tell people how to modify the default VolumeSnapshotClass after a failure

I think we should provide one recommended approach that covers all use cases if possible. The current way it's written describes the second bullet point, but maybe we should rewrite it for the first one. 

--

For fresh installs, create a VolumeSnapshotClass with the name `"stork-csi-snapshot-class-${DRIVER_NAME}"` based on your CSI driver documentation. Add all necessary parameters to this VolumeSnapshotClass.
 -->

Perform the following steps to edit the default VolumeSnapshotClass for your CSI driver:

1. Verify that the VolumeSnapshotClass exists:

    ```text
    kubectl get volumesnapshotclass <snapshotclass>
    ```
    <!-- Do they need to provide the name, or can they get the list of all volumesnapshotclasses to verify that it's there? -->

2. List the CSI driver(s) for your volumes and retain the driver name for use in the next step:

    ```text
    kubectl get csidrivers
    ```

3. Edit the VolumeSnapshotClass object for your CSI driver by saving the driver name as an environment variable called `CSI_DRIVER_NAME` and entering the `kubectl edit` command shown below:

   ```text
   CSI_DRIVER_NAME=<csi_driver_name>
   kubectl edit volumesnapshotclass stork-csi-snapshot-class-${CSI_DRIVER_NAME}
   ```

4. Add the necessary parameters to this object based on the documentation for your CSI driver(s).

PX-Backup will now use these VolumeSnapshotClass parameters when performing backups and restores. Verify that you've configured the VolumeSnapshotClass successfully by running another backup from the PX-Backup UI. 

{{<info>}}
**NOTE:** PX-Backup always overrides the `VolumeSnapshotClass` with a deletion policy as `retain` to prevent data loss.
{{</info>}}
```
